---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-schema_schema Data Source - terraform-provider-epilot-schema"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema DataSource
---

# epilot-schema_schema (Data Source)

Schema DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "epilot-schema_schema" "my_schema" {
  id     = "89868668-91fd-45da-ba4d-b78cf9b60131"
  latest = true
  slug   = "contact"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier for the entity schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Generated uuid for schema
- `latest` (Boolean) Indicates this is the latest version of the schema. Both frozen and latest can be true if no changes were made since freezing.

### Read-Only

- `attributes` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `blueprint` (String) Reference to blueprint
- `capabilities` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `category` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `dialog_config` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `docs_url` (String)
- `draft` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `enable_setting` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `explicit_search_mappings` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `feature_flag` (String) This schema should only be active when the feature flag is enabled
- `frozen` (Boolean) Indicates this schema is currently frozen. Present when the returned version is the frozen version.
- `group_headlines` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `group_settings` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `icon` (String)
- `layout_settings` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `manifest` (List of String) Manifest ID used to create the schema
- `name` (String) User-friendly identifier for the entity schema
- `plural` (String)
- `published` (Boolean)
- `purpose` (List of String)
- `summary` (Boolean) Indicates this is a truncated summary schema (attributes trimmed to summary_attributes only, no capabilities or group_settings)
- `title_template` (String) Template for rendering the title field. Uses handlebars
- `ui_config` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `version` (Number)
