---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terraform_schema_attribute Data Source - terraform-provider-epilot-schema"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SchemaAttribute DataSource
---

# terraform_schema_attribute (Data Source)

SchemaAttribute DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "terraform_schema_attribute" "my_schemaattribute" {
  slug_id = "contact:97644baa-083f-4e49-9188-fcff2ecaad7d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `slug_id` (String) Schema Slug and the Attribute ID

### Read-Only

- `constraints` (Attributes) A set of constraints applicable to the attribute.
These constraints should and will be enforced by the attribute renderer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--constraints))
- `default_value` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `deprecated` (Boolean) Default: false
- `entity_builder_disable_edit` (Boolean) Setting to `true` disables editing the attribute on the entity builder UI. Default: false
- `feature_flag` (String) This attribute should only be active when the feature flag is enabled
- `group` (String) Which group the attribute should appear in. Accepts group ID or group name
- `hidden` (Boolean) Do not render attribute in entity views. Default: false
- `hide_label` (Boolean) When set to true, will hide the label of the field.
- `icon` (String) Code name of the icon to used to represent this attribute.
The value must be a valid @epilot/base-elements Icon name
- `info_helpers` (Attributes) A set of configurations meant to document and assist the user in filling the attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--info_helpers))
- `label` (String)
- `layout` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `order` (Number) Attribute sort order (ascending) in group
- `placeholder` (String)
- `preview_value_formatter` (String)
- `protected` (Boolean) Setting to `true` prevents the attribute from being modified / deleted. Default: true
- `purpose` (List of String)
- `render_condition` (String) Defines the conditional rendering expression for showing this field.
When a valid expression is parsed, their evaluation defines the visibility of this attribute.
Note: Empty or invalid expression have no effect on the field visibility.
- `required` (Boolean) Default: false
- `settings_flag` (Attributes List) This attribute should only be active when all the settings have the correct value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings_flag))
- `show_in_table` (Boolean) Render as a column in table views. When defined, overrides `hidden`
- `sortable` (Boolean) Allow sorting by this attribute in table views if `show_in_table` is true. Default: true
- `value_formatter` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `constraints`


<a id="nestedatt--info_helpers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `info_helpers`

Read-Only:

- `hint_custom_component` (String) The name of the custom component to be used as the hint helper.
The component should be registered in the `@epilot360/entity-ui` on the index of the components directory.
When specified it overrides the `hint_text` or `hint_text_key` configuration.
- `hint_text` (String) The text to be displayed in the attribute hint helper.
When specified it overrides the `hint_text_key` configuration.
- `hint_text_key` (String) The key of the hint text to be displayed in the attribute hint helper.
The key should be a valid i18n key.
- `hint_tooltip_placement` (String) The placement of the hint tooltip.
The value should be a valid `@mui/core` tooltip placement.


<a id="nestedatt--settings_flag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings_flag`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the setting should be enabled or not
- `name` (String) The name of the organization setting to check


