---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-schema_schema_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-epilot-schema"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SchemaAttribute Resource
---

# epilot-schema_schema_attribute (Resource)

SchemaAttribute Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "epilot-schema_schema_attribute" "my_schemaattribute" {
  add_button_label            = "...my_add_button_label..."
  allow_any                   = false
  allow_extra_options         = false
  composite_id                = "contact:97644baa-083f-4e49-9188-fcff2ecaad7d"
  created_at                  = "2022-06-03T13:20:54.449Z"
  currency_selector_only      = true
  default_access_control      = "public-read"
  default_value               = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  deprecated                  = true
  details_view_mode_enabled   = false
  disable_case_sensitive      = true
  display_images_landscaped   = true
  drawer_size                 = "medium"
  edit_mode                   = "list-view"
  enable_description          = false
  enable_relation_picker      = false
  enable_relation_tags        = true
  entity_builder_disable_edit = false
  feature_flag                = "FF_MY_FEATURE_FLAG"
  format                      = "...my_format..."
  group                       = "...my_group..."
  has_primary                 = false
  hidden                      = true
  hide_label                  = true
  icon                        = "...my_icon..."
  id                          = "5b5891cd-1081-45eb-84b7-5bd4920853e6"
  label                       = "...my_label..."
  layout                      = "full_width"
  multiline                   = false
  multiple                    = false
  name                        = "Sherri Grant PhD"
  order                       = 0
  placeholder                 = "...my_placeholder..."
  prefix                      = "OR-"
  preview_value_formatter     = "...my_preview_value_formatter..."
  protected                   = false
  readonly                    = true
  relation_affinity_mode      = "strong"
  relation_type               = "has_many"
  render_condition            = "...my_render_condition..."
  repeatable                  = false
  required                    = true
  search_placeholder          = "...my_search_placeholder..."
  show_in_table               = false
  slug                        = "wallbox-pv"
  sortable                    = false
  start_number                = 8
  topic                       = "...my_topic..."
  type                        = "partner_status"
  updated_at                  = "2022-09-07T00:02:20.536Z"
  value_formatter             = "...my_value_formatter..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `composite_id` (String) Schema Slug and the Attribute ID
- `label` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String) must be one of ["address", "automation", "boolean", "checkbox", "computed", "consent", "country", "currency", "date", "datetime", "email", "file", "image", "internal", "internal_user", "invitation_email", "link", "multiselect", "number", "ordered_list", "partner_organisation", "partner_status", "payment", "phone", "price_component", "purpose", "radio", "relation", "relation_address", "relation_payment_method", "relation_user", "select", "sequence", "status", "string", "tags"]

### Optional

- `actions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `add_button_label` (String) Optional label for the add button. The translated value for add_button_lable is used, if found else the string is used as is.
- `allow_any` (Boolean) Allow arbitrary input values in addition to provided options
- `allow_extra_options` (Boolean) controls if the 360 ui will allow the user to enter a value which is not defined by the options
- `allowed_extensions` (List of String) List of file extensions (without the dot suffix)
- `allowed_schemas` (List of String)
- `constraints` (Attributes) A set of constraints applicable to the attribute.
These constraints should and will be enforced by the attribute renderer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--constraints))
- `created_at` (String)
- `currency` (Attributes List) An array of currency configurations with a country code (ISO-4217) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency))
- `currency_selector_only` (Boolean) Default: false
- `default_access_control` (String) must be one of ["public-read", "private"]
- `default_value` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `deprecated` (Boolean) Default: false
- `details_view_mode_enabled` (Boolean) Enables the preview, edition, and creation of relation items on a Master-Details view mode. Default: false
- `disable_case_sensitive` (Boolean) controls if the matching of values against the options is case sensitive or not
- `display_images_landscaped` (Boolean) Controls how the images are presented to the user during upload on the Entity Details view.
- `drawer_size` (String) must be one of ["small", "medium", "large"]
- `edit_mode` (String) must be one of ["list-view"]
- `enable_description` (Boolean) When set to true, an i18n description will be used alongside the attribute label.
This description should be set through the platform locales in the form: `file.{attribute_name}.description_text`.
- `enable_relation_picker` (Boolean) when enable_relation_picker is set to true the user will be able to pick existing relations as values. Otherwise, the user will need to create new relation to link. Default: true
- `enable_relation_tags` (Boolean) When enable_relation_tags is set to true the user will be able to set tags(labels) in each relation item. Default: true
- `entity_builder_disable_edit` (Boolean) Setting to `true` disables editing the attribute on the entity builder UI. Default: false
- `feature_flag` (String) This attribute should only be active when the feature flag is enabled
- `format` (String)
- `group` (String) Which group the attribute should appear in. Accepts group ID or group name
- `has_primary` (Boolean)
- `hidden` (Boolean) Do not render attribute in entity views. Default: false
- `hide_label` (Boolean) When set to true, will hide the label of the field.
- `icon` (String) Code name of the icon to used to represent this attribute.
The value must be a valid @epilot/base-elements Icon name
- `identifiers` (List of String)
- `info_helpers` (Attributes) A set of configurations meant to document and assist the user in filling the attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--info_helpers))
- `layout` (String)
- `multiline` (Boolean)
- `multiple` (Boolean)
- `options` (List of String)
- `order` (Number) Attribute sort order (ascending) in group
- `parents` (List of String)
- `placeholder` (String)
- `prefix` (String) Prefix added before the sequence number
- `preview_value_formatter` (String)
- `protected` (Boolean) Setting to `true` prevents the attribute from being modified / deleted. Default: true
- `purpose` (List of String)
- `readonly` (Boolean) Default: false
- `relation_affinity_mode` (String) Weak repeatable attributes are kept when duplicating an entity. Strong repeatable attributes are discarded when duplicating an entity. must be one of ["weak", "strong"]
- `relation_type` (String) must be one of ["has_many", "has_one"]
- `render_condition` (String) Defines the conditional rendering expression for showing this field.
When a valid expression is parsed, their evaluation defines the visibility of this attribute.
Note: Empty or invalid expression have no effect on the field visibility.
- `repeatable` (Boolean)
- `required` (Boolean) Default: false
- `reverse_attributes` (Map of String) Map of schema slug to target relation attribute
- `search_placeholder` (String) Optional placeholder text for the relation search input. The translated value for search_placeholder is used, if found else the string is used as is.
- `settings_flag` (Attributes List) This attribute should only be active when all the settings have the correct value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings_flag))
- `show_in_table` (Boolean) Render as a column in table views. When defined, overrides `hidden`
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier for the classification
- `sortable` (Boolean) Allow sorting by this attribute in table views if `show_in_table` is true. Default: true
- `start_number` (Number)
- `suggestions` (List of String)
- `summary_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--summary_fields))
- `topic` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `value_formatter` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Optional:

- `action_type` (String) The action type. Currently supported actions:

| action | description |
|--------|-------------|
| add_existing | Enables the user to pick an existing entity to link as relation |
| create_new | Enables the user to create a new entity using the first/main `allowed_schemas` schema
| create_from_existing | Enables the user to pick an existing entity to clone from, while creating a blank new entity to link as relation |

must be one of ["add_existing", "create_new", "create_from_existing"]
- `default` (Boolean) Sets the action as the default action, visible as the main action button.
- `feature_flag` (String) Name of the feature flag that enables this action
- `label` (String) The action label or action translation key (i18n)
- `new_entity_item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--new_entity_item))
- `settings_flag` (Attributes List) This action should only be active when all the settings have the correct value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--settings_flag))

<a id="nestedatt--actions--new_entity_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.new_entity_item`

Optional:

- `acl` (Attributes) Access control list (ACL) for an entity. Defines sharing access to external orgs or users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--new_entity_item--acl))
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `created_at` (String) Not Null
- `id` (String) Not Null
- `org` (String) Organization Id the entity belongs to. Not Null
- `owners` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--new_entity_item--owners))
- `schema` (String) URL-friendly identifier for the entity schema. Not Null
- `tags` (List of String)
- `title` (String) Title of entity. Not Null
- `updated_at` (String) Not Null

<a id="nestedatt--actions--new_entity_item--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.new_entity_item.acl`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `delete` (List of String)
- `edit` (List of String)
- `view` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--actions--new_entity_item--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.new_entity_item.owners`

Optional:

- `org_id` (String) Not Null
- `user_id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--actions--settings_flag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.settings_flag`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the setting should be enabled or not
- `name` (String) The name of the organization setting to check



<a id="nestedatt--constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `constraints`


<a id="nestedatt--currency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency`

Optional:

- `one` (Attributes) A currency configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency--one))

<a id="nestedatt--currency--one"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency.one`

Optional:

- `code` (String) Not Null
- `description` (String) Not Null
- `flag` (String)
- `symbol` (String) Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--info_helpers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `info_helpers`

Optional:

- `hint_custom_component` (String) The name of the custom component to be used as the hint helper.
The component should be registered in the `@epilot360/entity-ui` on the index of the components directory.
When specified it overrides the `hint_text` or `hint_text_key` configuration.
- `hint_text` (String) The text to be displayed in the attribute hint helper.
When specified it overrides the `hint_text_key` configuration.
- `hint_text_key` (String) The key of the hint text to be displayed in the attribute hint helper.
The key should be a valid i18n key.
- `hint_tooltip_placement` (String) The placement of the hint tooltip.
The value should be a valid `@mui/core` tooltip placement.


<a id="nestedatt--settings_flag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings_flag`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the setting should be enabled or not
- `name` (String) The name of the organization setting to check


<a id="nestedatt--summary_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `summary_fields`

Optional:

- `str` (String)
- `summary_field` (Attributes) Summary Fields are displayed inside list view as a resume of the relation entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--summary_fields--summary_field))

<a id="nestedatt--summary_fields--summary_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `summary_fields.summary_field`

Optional:

- `display_as` (String) An hint on how to display the summary field
- `field` (String) The field from the entity attributes to display

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import epilot-schema_schema_attribute.my_epilot-schema_schema_attribute "contact:97644baa-083f-4e49-9188-fcff2ecaad7d"
```
